Add support for passing java properties without --java-prop (#1739)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/under-the-hood.md

``` bash
scala-cli -Dfoo1=bar1 -Dfoo2=bar2 run ...
```

> Please note, that `scala-cli run -Dfoo=bar` pass java properties into your scala app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that `scala-cli run -Dfoo=bar` would pass the java property into your Scala app. 
```
